Add cache size property description (#6930)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/searchable_snapshot.md

## Configuring a node to use searchable snapshots

> To configure the searchable snapshots feature, create a node in your opensearch.yml file and define the node role as `search`. Optionally, also configure the `cache.size` property for the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the searchable snapshots feature, create a node in your `opensearch.yml file` and define the node role as `search`. Optionally, you can also configure the `cache.size` property for the node.
```

> A `search` node reserves storage for the cache for performing searchable snapshot queries. In case of a dedicated search node (where the node exclusively has the `search` role), this value defaults to a fixed percentage of available storage. In other cases, the value needs to be configured by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `search` node reserves storage in the cache for performing searchable snapshot queries. In the case of a dedicated search node where the node exclusively has the `search` role, this value defaults to a fixed percentage of available storage. In other cases, the value needs to be configured by the user using the `node.search.cache.size` setting.
```

Author: Thanks @Naarcha-AWS! I want to convey "... the node reserves storage space on disk for the cache to perform searchable snapshot queries" here.

Reviewer: @kotwanikunal: Is the storage contained in the cache? I'm not sure what the distinction of switching it to "for the cache" is supposed to convey technically.

Author: The cache utilizes the storage on the node, so it reserves/marks a part of storage as utilized

Author: The switch is to convey `node reserves storage for the cache` instead of `node reserves storage in cache` -
cache consumes storage and not the other way around.

- Many remote object stores charge on a per-request basis for retrieval, so users should closely monitor any costs incurred.
- Searching remote data can impact the performance of other queries running on the same node. We recommend that users provision dedicated nodes with the `search` role for performance-critical applications.
- For better search performance, consider [force merging]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/force-merge/) indexes into a smaller number of segments before taking a snapshot. For the best performance, at the cost of using compute resources prior to snapshotting, force merge your index into one segment.

> - We recommend configuring a maximum ratio of remote data to local disk cache size using the `cluster.filecache.remote_data_ratio` setting. A ratio of 5 is a good starting point for most workloads to ensure good query performance. If the ratio is too large, then there may not be sufficient disk space to handle the search workload. See issue [#11676](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/11676) for a known bug related to this scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We recommend configuring a maximum ratio of remote data to local disk cache size using the `cluster.filecache.remote_data_ratio` setting. A ratio of 5 is a good starting point for most workloads to ensure good query performance. If the ratio is too large, then there may not be sufficient disk space to handle the search workload. For more details on the maximum ratio of remote data, see issue [#11676](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/11676). 
```
